[GEOS-10469] tidy up logging instructions (#5861)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/configuration/logging.rst

GeoServer uses the Log4J framework for logging, which is configured by selecting a logging profile (in the :ref:`global settings <config_globalsettings_log_location>`).

The GeoServer logging profiles assign logging levels to specific server operations:

* GeoServer loggers record server function and the activity of individual services.

> * GeoWebCache loggers record the activity of tile protocol library used by GeoServer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* GeoWebCache loggers record the activity of the tile protocol library used by GeoServer.
```

Example of console only logging
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1. Copy an example such as :download:`QUIET_LOGGING.xml </../../../../src/main/src/main/resources/QUIET_LOGGING.xml>` to :file:`CONSOLE_LOGGING.xml`:

> 2. Update the :file:`CONSOLE_LOGGING.xml` intro with the new name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the initial part of :file:`CONSOLE_LOGGING.xml` with the new name:
```
